Update docs of `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS` (#12891)
pingcap/docs: shard-row-id-bits.md

## Concept

> For the tables with a non-clustered primary key, no primary key or a multi-column primary key TiDB uses an implicit auto-increment row ID. When a large number of `INSERT` operations are performed, the data is written into a single Region, causing a write hot spot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the tables with a non-clustered primary key or no primary key, TiDB uses an implicit auto-increment row ID. When a large number of `INSERT` operations are performed, the data is written into a single Region, causing a write hot spot.
```

Multi-column primary key can be clustered, which does not have an implicit row ID:

```sql
CREATE TABLE t (
    id INT,
    c1 INT,
    PRIMARY KEY (id, c1) CLUSTERED
) SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS = 4;

ERROR 8200 (HY000): Unsupported shard_row_id_bits for table with primary key as row id
```

To mitigate the hot spot issue, you can configure `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS`. The row IDs are scattered and the data are written into multiple different Regions.

- `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS = 4` indicates 16 shards
- `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS = 6` indicates 64 shards
- `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS = 0` indicates the default 1 shard

> See also [the Troubleshoot Hotspot Issues guide](/troubleshoot-hot-spot-issues.md#use-shard_row_id_bits-to-process-hotspots) for a guide about how to use this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For details on the usage, see [the Troubleshoot Hotspot Issues guide](/troubleshoot-hot-spot-issues.md#use-shard_row_id_bits-to-process-hotspots).

```

## Examples

> {{< copyable "sql" >}}
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
This copy syntax is no longer needed for the current docs website.

```sql
CREATE TABLE t (
    id INT PRIMARY KEY NONCLUSTERED
) SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS = 4;
```

> {{< copyable "sql" >}}
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
